what the east wall white tuna throat
island
nice
that's a bigger fish that's a good one
what can do a better fish right now with
this two ounce up 2 ounce white buck
tail with a red and white for crime
right ear off the east wall as the
incoming tide she's got to fight
soon its vast as fast it's got some
Boise
oh yeah here we go
whoa drag screaming right now
yeah have you know kind of a big bass
got that big Eddie headshakes
I saw this fish is doing right now
no classic Rhode Island school II small
keeper fish right here this is us better
the average sized fish
there he is baby nice fish nice striped
bass right there beautiful fish very
skinny but nice striped bass remember
thanks for watching always and subscribe
please I love making these videos so
more subscribers got the more videos I'm
gonna make so thanks again for watching